services/horizon/internal/docs: Update /fee_stats with max_fee and fee_charged. (#1991)
stellar/go: services/horizon/internal/docs/reference/endpoints/fee-stats.md

| last_ledger_base_fee | Base fee as defined in the last ledger |
| ledger_capacity_usage | Average capacity usage in the last 5 ledgers. (0 is no usage, 1.0 is completely full ledgers) |
| min_accepted_fee | Minimum accepted fee in the last 5 ledger. |

> | mode_accepted_fee | Mode max fee in the last 5 ledger. |

Reviewer: I see this was here before this change, but can we change all `ledger` to `ledgers`?

Author: sure

> | mode_accepted_fee | Mode max fee in the last 5 ledger. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mode_accepted_fee | Mode (most common value) of the maximum fee bid over the last 5 ledgers. |
```

> | p10_accepted_fee | 10th percentile max fee in the last 5 ledger. |

Reviewer: Consider changing `in` to `over` in all these lines.

Author: thanks!

| Field | |
| - | - |
| min | Minimum fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| mode | Mode fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p10 | 10th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p20 | 20th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p30 | 30th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p40 | 40th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p50 | 50th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p60 | 60th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p70 | 70th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p80 | 80th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p90 | 90th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p95 | 95th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |
| p99 | 99th percentile fee charged in the last 5 ledger. |

Note: The difference between `fee_charged` and `max_fee` is that the former
represents the actual fee paid for the transaction while `max_fee` represents
the maximum bid the transaction creator was willing to pay for the transaction.

### Max Fee Object

Information about max fee bid for transactions in the last 5 ledgers.

| Field | |
| - | - |

> | min | Minimum max fee in the last 5 ledger. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| min | Minimum (lowest) value of the maximum fee bid over the last 5 ledgers. |
```
